README.md, before:

# ITitanix Recruitment Platform

A comprehensive web application for managing the recruitment process at ITitanix organization, streamlining candidate applications and hiring workflows.

## Features

- Multi-step form for applicant registration with progress tracking
- MongoDB integration for secure and scalable data storage
- Responsive design with Tailwind CSS for optimal viewing on all devices
- Easy deployment to Vercel with CI/CD integration
- User authentication and role-based access control
- Email notifications for applicants and recruiters
- Dashboard for tracking application status
- Document upload functionality for resumes and portfolios
- Interview scheduling system
- Custom assessment modules
- Analytics and reporting features

## Getting Started
### System Requirements
- Node.js 18.x or newer
- npm 8.x+ or yarn 1.22.x+
- MongoDB Atlas account
- Vercel account for deployment

### Installation Steps

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/MIkhsanPasaribu/ukrounp-recruitment.git
   cd ukrounp-recruitment
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   # or
   yarn install
   ```

3. Configure environment:
   ```bash
   cp .env.example .env.local
   ```
   Required environment variables:
   ```
   MONGODB_URI=your_mongodb_connection_string
   NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL=http://localhost:3000/api
   JWT_SECRET=your_secret_key
   ```

4. Start development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   # or
   yarn dev
   ```

5. Access the application:
   ```
   http://localhost:3000
   ```

## Application Structure
- /src/app - Next.js app router pages and API routes
- /src/components - Reusable React components
- /src/lib - Utility functions and database connection
- /src/types - TypeScript type definitions
- /public - Static assets

## Admin Access
The admin panel is accessible at /admin . Default password is admin123 (change this in production).

## Database Structure
The application uses a MongoDB collection called applicants with the following structure:
- _id : MongoDB ObjectId
- email : Applicant's email address
- fullName : Applicant's full name
- status : Application status (Under Review, Shortlisted, Interview, Accepted, Rejected)
- submittedAt : Timestamp of submission
- Various personal and academic information
- Document uploads (encoded as base64 strings)

## Deployment
This application can be easily deployed to Vercel:
1. Push your code to GitHub
2. Connect your repository to Vercel
3. Set up the environment variables in Vercel dashboard
4. Deploy

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Contact
For any inquiries, please contact Unit Kegiatan Robotika UNP at mikhsanpasaribu2@gmail.com .

Commit message:

docs: update README.md to reflect new project details and features
The README.md file has been updated to align with the new project context, including the change from ITitanix to Unit Kegiatan Robotika UNP. The features section has been reorganized and expanded to provide clearer distinctions between applicant and administrator functionalities. Additionally, the technology stack and infrastructure details have been updated to reflect current implementations.

README.md, after:

# Unit Kegiatan Robotika UNP - Recruitment Platform
A modern web application for managing the recruitment process at Unit Kegiatan Robotika Universitas Negeri Padang (UNP). Built with cutting-edge technologies to provide a seamless experience for both applicants and administrators.
![Robotika UNP Logo](public/GAZA - UKRO.gif)

## Key Features
### For Applicants
- Intuitive multi-step registration form with real-time progress tracking
- Secure document upload system for student cards and required materials
- Real-time application status monitoring
- Mobile-responsive interface for on-the-go access

### For Administrators
- Comprehensive dashboard for application management
- Advanced search and filtering capabilities
- Bulk application processing
- CSV export functionality
- Automated status update notifications

## Technology Stack
### Frontend
- Next.js 15 with React 19
- Tailwind CSS 4 for modern, responsive styling
- TypeScript for enhanced code reliability

### Backend
- Next.js API Routes for serverless architecture
- MongoDB for robust data persistence
- Secure authentication system

### Infrastructure
- Vercel for automated deployment
- CI/CD pipeline integration
- MongoDB Atlas for managed database services

## Getting Started
### System Requirements
- Node.js 18.x or newer
- npm 8.x+ or yarn 1.22.x+
- MongoDB Atlas account
- Vercel account for deployment

### Installation Steps

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/MIkhsanPasaribu/ukrounp-recruitment.git
   cd ukrounp-recruitment
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   # or
   yarn install
   ```

3. Configure environment:
   ```bash
   cp .env.example .env.local
   ```
   Required environment variables:
   ```
   MONGODB_URI=your_mongodb_connection_string
   NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL=http://localhost:3000/api
   JWT_SECRET=your_secret_key
   ```

4. Start development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   # or
   yarn dev
   ```

5. Access the application:
   ```
   http://localhost:3000
   ```

## Application Structure
- /src/app - Next.js app router pages and API routes
- /src/components - Reusable React components
- /src/lib - Utility functions and database connection
- /src/types - TypeScript type definitions
- /public - Static assets

## Admin Access
The admin panel is accessible at /admin . Default password is admin123 (change this in production).

## Database Structure
The application uses a MongoDB collection called applicants with the following structure:
- _id : MongoDB ObjectId
- email : Applicant's email address
- fullName : Applicant's full name
- status : Application status (Under Review, Shortlisted, Interview, Accepted, Rejected)
- submittedAt : Timestamp of submission
- Various personal and academic information
- Document uploads (encoded as base64 strings)

## Deployment
This application can be easily deployed to Vercel:
1. Push your code to GitHub
2. Connect your repository to Vercel
3. Set up the environment variables in Vercel dashboard
4. Deploy

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Contact
For any inquiries, please contact Unit Kegiatan Robotika UNP at mikhsanpasaribu2@gmail.com .
